Diversity in tech
It's a very common and big problem in tech world. Specially the diversity in gender gap.It's already bad enough at any level positions but it gets really really bad at higher corporate positions.I personally have few friends who are helping other women to get them to train and find work in STEM related fields but it'll take decades to close the gap.We can all come together and acknowledge this problem and encourage women to study in STEM related fields.



Designing for accessibility
Majority of online world is not optimized for this and It's a great challenge for tech industry as more and more people are browsing the web through small screens from their smartphones.This is one of these fields that gets ignored easily by novice developers.
While designing websites/apps developers should always have this in their that all kinds of audience will be using their product and make sure it meets the needs of them.That way consumers browsing/playing experience is well optimized according to their needs.Developers should always look for ways to improve their code to address the needs of consumer.

Online security
It's a huge issue among tech industry.Staying up to date with online security for any company is expensive and it's actually even for worse for non-tech companies.Credit card use is on the rise and bad guys are always looking for easy way out.As the traffic grows on internet,more and more novice users are being introduced to web everyday and these users don't know about cookies,phishing scams etc.It's becoming more challenging for developers to come up with safer ways to protect the consumer.To deal with this developers should stay up to date with new technologies,always look for bugs in their code and try to fix them as soon as possible. Companies also need to step up and protect consumer information rather than saying "We will be okay with obsolete software.We never had a problem in the past so let's just not fix something that is not broken."


Another topic you find on your own!

Privacy

Privacy I would say is the biggest problem in the tech world right now.It is kind of related to online security but in a different way. This is very common and major debate in tech world these days. In the past few months, some incidents have given this topic a lot of public exposure.I don't really know how to deal with this but definitely would say that every company needs to have clear specifications about their privacy policy so that consumer knows what kind of their info is being shared and with whom.It should be mandatory for companies to provide very flexible controls on privacy that will give consumers more control over what they want to share and what they don't want to share.
